I want you to listen to me.
I want you to
go out of the house
and down the street to
the MacKenzies' house?
I want you to
knock on their door,
I want you to tell them
to call the police
and send them over here.
All right?
- What
- Now do as I say!
Yeah.
Go!
Come on! Get help!
Come on!
Come on! Come on!
Was that the boogie man?
As a matter of fact, it was.
What's going on out here?
Call the police.
- Tell the sheriff I shot him.
- Who?
Tell him he's still
on the loose!
Is this some kind of joke? I've been
trick or treated to death tonight.
You don't know what death is.
Trick or treat!
- I shot him six times!
- What?
I said I shot him six times!
I shot him in the heart and...
He can't have gotten
very far. Come on.
- I shot him six times.
- Yeah, I know.
This guy, this man...
He's not human!
Harold, you want mayonnaise
on your sandwich?
How about mustard?
- Oh, Harold...
- Up next...
a morsel of mind-melting
madness, Night of the Living Dead.
Are you asleep again?
This is a WWAR special bulletin.
Police in Haddonfield have
just made the grisly discovery
of three bodies in the upstairs
bedrooms of this house.
It appears that the murders took
place sometime early this evening.
Authorities have confirmed that all
three of the victims are teenagers,
two girls and a boy. Police
are searching the entire area
for a mental patient
who escaped last night
from the Smith's Grove-Warren
County Sanitarium.
He is now believed to be
at large in Haddonfield.
This is Robert Mundy live.
They're coming
to get you, Barbara!
Stop it!
You're ignorant!
They're coming for you, Barbara!
Stop It!
You're acting like a child!
They're coming for you!
Look, there comes
one of them now!
He'll hear you!
Here he comes now!
I'm getting out of here!
Mrs. EIrod?
Mr. Elrod?
Are you okay?
Hi. There was someone
screaming next door.
Yeah, Mr. and Mrs. EIrod.
His wife's always
picking on him.
He probably got angry and
decided to start beating her.
Oh, big deal.
Are your folks home?
They are gone.
My dad had to take my Aunt
Ruby to Hardin County
and my mother
decided to go along.
Didn't you hear?
Hear about what?
Some girl got killed in Haddonfield.
It's on the radio.
Hold on.
...so the police
have cordoned off the entire area.
To repeat: Three teenagers have
been found murdered in a house
in the northwest section
of Haddonfield.
The names of the teenagers
have not been released.
I can't believe it.
I know. You know,
we probably knew her.
Where did it happen?
Down on Orange Grove.
That's right down the street.
I know.
Police confirmed the girl was
rescued as she fought...
Sally, I can hear
the sirens coming.
They said the guy got away.
- Do they know who It was?
- No.
Oh, God.
Allco?
Alice? What's wrong?
Alice?
Who is it?
Alice? Where are you?
Gary Hunt of the Haddonfield
Police Department says he believes
the suspect will be apprehended
within a matter of hours.
Neighbors said they heard screams
during the early evening
but attributed the noise
to the usual Halloween...
I'm asking, what's going on?
He said he shot somebody.
Inside, guys, will you?
So he shot somebody.
All right, folks, give them
room, will you, please?
Laurie, can you hear me?
Don't let them put me to sleep.
It's all right, take it easy.
We're gonna go to
the clinic, all right?
Don't let them put me to sleep.
It's okay.
Hey, you know this chick?
Yeah, her name's Laurie Strode.
Her old man Strode Realty?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
Okay, just get out easy.
It's gonna be okay.
Walk real slow, okay?
Are you all right?
You all right, hon?
Oh, God! Oh!
Here, just put it up there real gently.
You okay? Let's go.
Just walk real slow. Come on.
Fill out this form. Someone
will be with you in a moment.
Well, we should see
a doctor right away.
He's with a patient. Would
you please wait in Room A?
Oh, come on, honey. Thank you.
Where's Dr. Miner?
He's been at the Country Club.
I think he's drunk. Oh, great.
What have you got?
Stab wound left anterior chest.
Possibly penetrating. Multiple contusions.
It's Laurie Strode.
Yeah, yeah, come on, let's go.
Possibly fractured right ankle.
Janet, get me some more coffee.
Get that out of here.
Oh, Laurie, hi, there!
Well, let's see
what we have here.
Ah, yes. You've lost
a lot of blood.
We'll need to type it.
Yeah.
When was the last time
you had a tetanus shot?
I don't know.
Get me some 3-0 nylon on a...
Cutting needle? Yes.
Right away.
We're going to
have to put her out.
No! No, don't put me to sleep!
Okay, relax. Relax,
we're not gonna hurt you.
No! No!
Please, don't put me to sleep.
Take it easy.
Try to relax, Laurie.
Dr. Mixter will have you
stitched up in no time.
Take it easy, Laurie.
Circle the block again.
How long now?
It's about 30 minutes.
Put the light down there.
There, by those trees.
Well, there's nothing.
Well, keep going!
You know, Doctor,
I'm just about there.
What?
The point where I stop
taking orders from you.
All right, Sheriff,
whatever you want.
The primary concern
is that we stop him!
You let him out.
I didn't.
His own goddamn doctor!
I didn't let him out.
Chief Brackett, come in, please.
Who is it?
Chief, this is...
Say again, what is it?
This is Ramsey.
Where are you?
I'm out by the bakery moving
north on the Scottsville Road.
Get the hell back into town.
Go up 17th Street
and meet me by the Bypass.
10-4, Ramsey clear.
Will you put that thing away?
You couldn't have
shot him six times.
You think I'm lying, Sheriff?
I think you missed him.
No man could take six slugs.
I'm telling you,
this isn't a man!
Look out, slow down!
Over there! Look, look, look!
Why?
Is that him? I don't know.
Get back! Run! Go on, run!
Dr. Loomis!
Get back! Get back, you kids!
- Run! Stop! Get out...
- Dr. Loomis!
- Loomis!
Loomis!
Stop!
Don't shoot!
Stop! Don't...
Get him. Sheriff Brackett.
He came out of nowhere.
I couldn't stop.
Is it him?
I don't know.
Is it him or not?
Leigh,
- Leigh, they found three bodies.
- Where?
Across the street
from the Doyle house.
Three kids.
Leigh, one of them was Annie!
What?
Does it hurt a lot?
Oh, sweetie, I can't understand you!
Look, it'll be okay.
We'll play some
games tonight, and...
Repeating for those of you
who just tuned in,
three people are dead tonight
as the result of an attack
by an escaped mental patient.
I understand we're going to
stay on the air now.
Repeating for those of you
who just tuned in.
Three people are dead
tonight as the result
of an attack by
an escaped mental patient.
Any further details will be
forthcoming as soon as we get them.
This is Robert Mundy
reporting to you live.
Hi.
Jimmy, leave her alone.
Well, how are you feeling?
Sore.
What happened?
Cracked a bone.
You're lucky it wasn't a break.
Dr. Mixter felt that he should wait
until tomorrow before he put a cast on.
You have to get some rest.
Come on, Jimmy.
Can I get you something
to drink or anything?
How about a Coke?
Okay. Thanks.
Okay.
Come on, Jimmy, we gotta roll.
Another call come in.
Okay. Okay. Come on.
Get you that Coke later.
Out!
Moments ago,
police reported that
Michael Myers,
formerly of Haddonfield,
who fled the Smith's Grove-Warren
County Sanitarium last night,
was believed to
have burned to death.
Meanwhile,
three bodies were discovered
in the upstairs bedroom of the
house directly behind me.
Identification of the victims is being
withheld pending notification...
Forget that. Forget that. I
wanna concentrate on the house.
Talk to some kids.
See if anybody saw anything.
All right, you need their parents'
permission to use a statement.
If you can't find the parents,
get a statement anyway.
Not now.
Just a minute, fellas.
I have to
go and tell my wife
before somebody else does.
Go on home, Leigh.
Go on home. I'll take
care of everything.
Damn you!
- I'm sorry.
- What have you done?
I haven't done anything.
You let him out!
I didn't let him out, I gave
orders for him to be restrained.
Now is there anything else
that we can do for you'?
If that wasn't Michael Myers
burning up in that car,
then a lot of other kids are
gonna be slaughtered tonight.
He's dead! I saw him!
You saw a man in a mask.
It was him.
I wanna believe you,
but I got to be sure.
I can't stop until
I'm certain that he's dead.
You're talking about him like
he's some kind of animal.
He was my...
Would you keep it back?
He was my patient for 15 years.
He became
an obsession with me until
I realized that there
was nothing within him,
neither conscience nor reason,
that was even remotely human.
An hour ago I stood up
and fired six shots into him.
He just got up and walked away.
I am talking about the real possibility
that he is still out there!
Where'd they take the body?
Coroner's office.
Get a dentist to meet me
there in half an hour.
In spite of the fact
that the man who rescued Laurie Strode
claims to have shot him
six times at close range,
Haddonfield police
have no explanation
for the suspect's disappearance,
but say they're
confident he will
be captured soon.
Paramedics are now
removing the last of the three bodies
- I cannot believe it.
Pin the Tail on the Donkey
and bobbing for apples.
Actually bobbing
in water, no less.
Well, you gotta use water.
See, if you don't use water...
I'm never going to another
Halloween party as long as I live,
especially not at
Stevie Mathis' house.
And, of course,
now I'm gonna be late.
Well, you gotta
drive me home first.
Oh, Darcy, I don't have time.
Well, you've got to.
Oh, can't you ask Eddie Lee?
He's in Russellville.
Oh.
It's five minutes to your house,
another five minutes
back to the hospital.
Mrs. Alves is gonna kill me.
You promised me.
I know I did.
There is one survivor.
Seventeen-year-old Laurie Strode
was found directly
across the street
from the home where
the murders took place.
The teenager was
taken across town
to Haddonfield Memorial Clinic.
In the aftermath
of the killings,
the streets
between Chestnut and 10th
are jammed with people and cars.
Repeating that these streets
are Chestnut and 10th.
They're just jammed
with both people and cars.
Boy, I sure could
go for a pizza now.
A nice big one with sausage,
onions, peppers.
But no mushrooms.
I hate mushrooms.
The names of the young
victims have not yet been released,
but the people in the crowd have
recognized them as neighborhood teenagers.
Looks like a goddamn homecoming.
Now back to Dementia!
Thanks, Mr. Garrett.
Julie saw him, you know.
Who?
Michael Myers.
Come on.
I swear! Yesterday, when
she was coming to work!
Where did she see him?
You know the Shop n Bag
out by the mall?
Well, she stopped at a light
and saw him
walking in that field
behind the Lost River drive-in.
Julie said he was so creepy.
Julie's full of shit!
He didn't escape
until last night.
Well, you don't
have to swear, Budd.
Wall, she's
a goddamn moron, anyway.
Every other word you say is either
"hell" or "shit" or "damn"!
I'm sorry.
I guess I just
fuck up all the time.
Hi. You're late.
Yeah, I know.
I've gotta get on the ward.
Hi, Jimmy.
Oh, hi, Karen.
See you later.
Right.
Amazing grace
Come sit on my face
Don't make me cry
I need your pie...
Look, why don't you
just shut up, all right?
What are you
all revved up about?
Look, it could have
been Ziggy, you know.
And it could have been your brother
Mark we pulled out of there.
All right, so what
do you want me to do?
Look, Jimmy, rule number one, never
get involved with a patient.
Nurses, that's another story,
but patients, it's no good.
It never works out.
Where you going, college boy?
I'm telling you,
listen to old Budd.
You were late again tonight.
Just 15 minutes.
That could be
the difference between
life and death for
one of those kids.
You're right, I'm sorry, Mrs.
Alves. It's just that I...
I don't wanna hear any excuses.
You're a good nurse, Karen,
I'd hate to lose you,
but you've got to
learn to be on time.
Now let's go over this list.
It'll be fine, really,
I promise. I'm very sorry.
Carr, Mrs. Carr,
9:30 tomorrow morning.
God, they should have... They should
have handled him more carefully.
Who?
Michael Myers.
Michael Myers?
Yeah, he was the guy
that was after you.
You mean, the Myers house?
That little kid who
killed his sister?
Yeah.
But he's in
a hospital somewhere.
He escaped last night.
How do you know?
It's all over the radio. Television, too.
It's on right now.
Why me?
I mean, why me?
Time's up, Jimmy. Let's go.
Okay, okay.
- I'll be back
- No, you won't!
Visiting hours
are definitely over!
Men, you can't live with them,
you can't live without them.
How's that shoulder feel?
Better.
Good.
We've been trying to get
a hold of your parents.
Dr. Mixter told me they were
at the same party he was,
but they're not there now
and they're not at home.
Do you have any idea
where else they might be?
No.
I'll just keep trying then.
Oh, this is just...
Janet?
Yes, Mrs. Alves?
Go tell Mr. Garrett we're
having trouble with the phones.
Right now.
But he's at the other
end of the hall. Janet.
Yes, Mrs. Alves.
What's wrong with the phones?
Nothing for you to worry about.
Just get some rest right now.
I'll let you know as soon as
we get ahold of your parents.
I'm gonna go check the pole.
You wait here and I'll call you.
I have to get back on the floor.
It'll take me five minutes.
But I don't even know
how to use this thing.
I think somebody
broke into the storeroom.
The lock was off.
Mr. Garrett? I can't hear you.
One of you had better drive down
to the sheriff's
station right away.
Mr. Garrett,
how do you work this thing?
Janet?
Mr. Garrett?
Mr. Garrett, I gotta
get back on the floor!
Hello?
It's difficult,
even the gums are charred,
but look here.
See here? No fillings.
He's young, maybe 17, maybe 18.
Michael Myers is 21.
Positive I.D. means we check
X-rays and dental records.
That'll take hours.
No other way to
know for sure. I'm sorry.
We haven't got hours.
Listen to me.
We've got to assume
that Michael Myers
is still alive.
Everybody goes back out.
But we just closed it up.
I want a sweep from Chestnut
South to the Bypass.
I want every street,
every house, every backyard...
Okay. You got it.
Thank you.
All right, that's enough!
That's enough!
Come on, get out of here,
you guys. Go home.
You guys get out of here. Go on.
This is Hunt.
Send another vehicle.
The old Myers house,
45 Lampkin Lane.
The tribe. One of their number
was butchered. This is the wake.
Heightens my sense of security.
All right, knock it off!
Come on, folks, go home!
Somebody get rid of it!
Knock it off!
Empty. Plus we covered the whole
east end of town. Nothing.
Check it again.
He just isn't there!
Check it again!
You know,
Haddonfield was a pretty
quiet town before tonight.
The only gunshots you ever heard
were to start the track meet
at the local high school.
Yet one night in 1963, Michael
Myers did murder his sister
in that upstairs bedroom
with a large butcher knife.
I remember.
On Halloween.
I was 16 years old.
It's his anniversary, Mr. Hunt.
He came back.
After 15 years?
He waited with
extraordinary patience.
There was a force
inside him biding its time.
The staff grew accustomed
to his immobility and silence.
In many ways,
he was the ideal patient.
He didn't talk, he didn't
cry, he didn't even move.
He just waited.
The staff was unprepared.
They didn't know what he was.
Did you know?
Yeah, I knew.
Excuse me. Mr. Hunt?
Yeah, what is it, Craig?
Yeah, I'm worried
about Bennett Tramer.
He isn't home yet.
Yeah, and he left
the party at 10:00.
It's only a little
after 11:00, boys.
He was real drunk.
How old is he?
Seventeen.
He had this stupid mask on.
All right, boys.
Seventeen? And wearing a mask.
Oh, God! Maybe we should
check his dental records.
Old Reservoir Road. They had a
break-in at the elementary school.
They're pretty sure it's him.
Come on.
Stop!
OW! Shit!
Shit! Oh, you idiot!
You could've broken it.
I wish I had!
I also could have
used these on you!
What an asshole!
Happy Halloween!
Budd, you are the biggest
jerk I've ever met!
But you love me.
Yeah,
and I'm an idiot.
Let's go down to
the therapy room.
Budd's finger needs
a little bit of therapy.
I can't leave the kids right now.
But every/body's all weirded out tonight.
All this Michael Myers crap.
I just...
I just want...
The therapy room
is three doors down.
I suppose if we
left the door open,
we could hear if
somebody was coming,
or if one of
the kids started to cry.
No, I've gotta
check it out first.
Fifteen minutes.
If everything's okay.
You're wasting time.
Why won't you tell me?
Why won't you ever
tell me anything?
I told you, I'm not your mother.
Ow!
It's hot.
Whew!
It's hot in here.
It's just me.
I'm not kidding.
It's too hot in here now, Budd.
Why don't you go check it?
It's cold out there.
It can get cold in here.
Gotcha.
Forget it, Budd.
I have to go back to work.
Do you wanna go
for breakfast later?
I'm sorry.
I just have to get back,
that's all.
Now, Budd, don't be that way.
No!
Oh, God!
He got in here.
And look over here.
And here.
Sister.
Is that it?
No.
Here.
What's this?
It's gibberish.
No. It's a Celtic word.
It means,
"The Lord of the Dead.“
"The end of summer."
The festival of Samhain,
October 31st.
Dr. Loomis?
Yes?
I have to talk to you.
Oh, I didn't recognize you.
What are you doing here?
Privately.
Thanks.
Dr. Loomis, you've been
ordered back to Smiths-Grove.
Ordered? They can't order me.
No, no, but the Governor can.
He spoke to Dr. Rogers
personally a few hours ago.
The Governor? Well, well.
Dr. Loomis, this thing
is all over the state.
Your patient escapes once,
murders three teenagers,
you shoot him with a gun,
he escapes again!
Someone should have
listened to me earlier.
I know, I'm sorry.
Dr. Rogers is just afraid
this could jeopardize
our whole
rehabilitation program.
He doesn't want anyone from
the Mental Health Department
anywhere near Haddonfield.
Why did he send you
down here then?
In case you'd already
found him alive.
Tell Dr. Rogers...
Tell him you couldn't find me.
Tell him anything.
I can't leave Haddonfield now.
I'm afraid you don't
have a choice.
There's a marshal
waiting for you outside.
Laurie?
Listen,
I know that you
don't know me very well,
but I just wanna
let you know that
I'm not gonna let
anything happen to you.
Okay?
Promise.
Laurie?
Shit!
Dr. Miner?
Dr. Mixter!
Dr. Mixter? It's an emergency.
Dr. Mixter, it's Laurie Strode.
She's had a reaction
to the medication.
You better come quick!
Dr. Mixter.
This is ridiculous!
I'm gonna go find Mrs. Alves.
Mrs. Alves?
Laurie? You okay?
We'll find him.
Where you gonna look?
I don't know.
Neither do I.
Mr. Garrett?
Sorry.
Listen, I can't find anybody.
Budd's gone, Mrs. Alves is gone.
We gotta find Laurie.
All right, listen...
I want you to check the
East Wing again, all right?
And if you don't find anybody, I
want you to get into your oar
and drive out to the sheriff's
station and get someone out here,
all right?
Okay.
Okay. I'll keep looking.
Hello?
Jesus!
Laurie!
Laurie! Laurie, wait!
Wait, Laurie!
Come on!
You didn't believe me.
Nobody did.
I'm sorry.
Don't feel sorry for me, feel sorry
for that little town back there.
It'll be years
before they forget this.
Dr. Loomis, I think there's
something else you should know.
Did you see the blackboard back
there at the elementary school?
Yeah.
In order to appease the gods, the
Druid priests held fire rituals.
Prisoners of war, criminals,
the insane, animals were
burned alive in baskets.
By observing the way they died,
the Druids believed they could
see omens of the future.
Two thousand years later
we've come no further.
Samhain isn't the evil spirit.
It isn't goblins
and ghosts or witches,
it's the unconscious mind.
We're all afraid of
the dark inside ourselves.
Dr. Loomis,
please, listen to me.
There's a file on Michael
Myers that nobody knew about.
I've seen everything.
No! No, it was hidden,
sealed by the court
after his parents were killed.
Now, after the Governor heard
what happened tonight,
he authorized Dr. Rogers
to open it.
What file?
It isn't fair.
They should have allowed you
to examine everything.
That girl, that Strode girl,
that's Michael Myers' sister!
She was born two years
before he was committed.
Two years after,
his parents died,
and she was adopted
by the Strodes.
They requested that
the records be sealed
in order to protect the family.
Jesus, don't you see what he's
doing here in Haddonfield?
He killed one sister
15 years ago,
now he's trying
to kill the other!
Tonight, after I shot him,
where did they take her?
The clinic.
The clinic? Where...
Do you know this area well?
A little bit.
Where is the hospital located?
Dr. Loomis, we're under
orders from the Governor.
It's back on Route 17,
about three miles.
Turn this car around, now!
I can't do that.
I've got orders!
Those orders just changed!
Dr. Loomis!
Doctor, you're getting yourself
into a lot of trouble.
What is it you fellows usually do?
Fire a warning shot, right?
Jimmy?
It's all right. We're...
We're gonna get out of here.
I think...
I ought to handcuff
you to the wheel,
but I have a feeling I'm
going to need you in there.
Can I trust you?
What have I got to lose
except my job?
Help me.
Help!
Help me!
Go and check all the
rooms down there. Go on!
Dr. Loomis! You stay
with me and shut up!
Help!
Help! Help!
Please!
Please! Help!
Help me!
Come on, get in!
Stop! He's dead.
No, he's not! Look at him!
He's still breathing!
Okay.
There's a two-way radio
in the marshal's car.
I want you to go outside, get
on that radio and get Hunt!
Now, wait a minute!
I'm the only one
authorized to use that.
Move!
I'm sorry I left you.
Are you all right?
Why won't he die?
Get away from him!
But he stopped breathing!
No!
Unit calling, identify.
Marion Chambers with
Dr. Loomis at the clinic.
He's here.
10-4. Unit calling,
identify suspect.
Michael Myers!
Just get your ass over here!
Come on, come on, come on. No!
Take it. No!
Take it!
Michael?
Michael, stop!
He's an animal! He's an animal!
Go on, get out.
Get out, now!
It's time, Michael.
What's the count?
Ten, so far.
If I could just
get a word or two.
- Do you have any first-hand information...
- Just leave her alone.
About what
happened inside the hospital?
Can't I ride in front?
Oh, no, I'm sorry.
I have to put you in back.
You ready?
Watch out for your feet.
She's now being assisted
out of the wheelchair...
Up we go. Careful. And foot.
And into the ambulance.
Big step. Big step.
Okay.
Keep the leg up, we'll have
you out of here in a second.
Okay.